index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: [D] Denarius Links
tagline: Denarius Coin Links
description: Denarius Crypto Links
---
# ![Denarius](https://denarius.io/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/denarius-256.png)

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Coin</th>
    <th>Total Supply</th>
    <th>Blocktime</th> 
    <th>Full Confirm</th>
    <th>Consensus</th>
    <th>Algorithm</th>
    <th>Features</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>D</td>
    <td>10,000,000</td>
    <td>30 Seconds</td>
    <td>10 Blocks</td>
    <td>POW/POS</td>
    <td>Tribus</td>
    <td>Rings Sigs and Masternodes</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Official [D]
[https://denarius.io/](https://denarius.io/)  
[https://denarius.snazzydocs.com/docs/](https://denarius.snazzydocs.com/docs/)  
[https://denarius.host/](https://denarius.host/)  
[https://blockforums.org/](https://blockforums.org/)  
[https://fpgaforums.com/](https://fpgaforums.com/)  
[https://denarius.wiki](https://denarius.wiki)  
[https://denarius.win/](http://denarius.win/)  
[https://www.amazon.com/Denarius-World-Currency-Concise-History/dp/1717289363](https://www.amazon.com/Denarius-World-Currency-Concise-History/dp/1717289363)  

### White Scroll
[https://denarius.io/whitescroll.pdf](https://denarius.io/whitescroll.pdf)  

### Source Code and Project
[https://github.com/carsenk](https://github.com/carsenk)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denarius](https://github.com/carsenk/denarius)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/wiki/Denarius-Visual-Guide](https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/wiki/Denarius-Visual-Guide)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denariusstats](https://github.com/carsenk/denariusstats)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/electrumx](https://github.com/carsenk/electrumx)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denariicore-node](https://github.com/carsenk/denariicore-node)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/simple-denarius-ticker](https://github.com/carsenk/simple-denarius-ticker)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/dnraddress.org](https://github.com/carsenk/dnraddress.org)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denariusnodewallet](https://github.com/carsenk/denariusnodewallet)  
[https://github.com/denariuscrypto/](https://github.com/denariuscrypto/)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/wiki](https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/wiki)  

### Blockfolio Signals  
[Denarius.io got a major overdue revamp!](https://blockfolio.com/coin/D_2/signal/PrHp4CHimM)  

### Social Media
Hashtags [$DNR](https://twitter.com/search?q=%24DNR&src=typd) [#Denariuscoin](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23Denariuscoin&src=typd)  
[Discord](https://discord.gg/mDTM3JN)  
[Gitter](https://gitter.im/denariusproject/Lobby)  
[Slack](https://denarius.slack.com/join/shared_invite/enQtMjUzODQ0NzcxMjk2LWRmNTU0NzgyZjYzODE3Y2EzNDc4NzA4ZGY2YjhhMjFiNTIzMGQ5YTc3MTJjZDkxOGJkMDFkMGFmZjcxOWM3YWU)  
[Telegram](https://t.me/joinchat/DPOfJg6YO86vtiH-Srfl8Q)  
[Official Twitter](https://twitter.com/denariuscoin)  
[https://twitter.com/carsenjk](https://twitter.com/carsenjk)  
[https://twitter.com/thenkse](https://twitter.com/thenkse)  
[https://twitter.com/dnr_ticker](https://twitter.com/dnr_ticker)  
[https://twitter.com/denariibot](https://twitter.com/denariibot)  
[Official Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Denarius/)  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/denariuscoin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/denariuscoin/)  
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/denariuscrypto/)  
[CoinFellowship](https://coinfellowship.com/)  

### Payment Systems  
[Swirlpay](https://swirlpay.io/)  

### Exchanges  
**Tradeogre**  
[https://tradeogre.com/exchange/BTC-D](https://tradeogre.com/exchange/BTC-D)  
**Southxchange**  
[https://www.southxchange.com/Market/Book/D/BTC](https://www.southxchange.com/Market/Book/D/BTC)  
[https://www.southxchange.com/Market/Book/D/USD](https://www.southxchange.com/Market/Book/D/USD)  
**Unnamed Exchange**  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_BTC](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_BTC)  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_LTC](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_LTC)  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_DOGE](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_DOGE)  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_uTip](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_uTip)  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_ETH](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_ETH)  

### Block Explorers
[Coinexplorer](https://www.coinexplorer.net/D)  
[Chainz Cryptoid](https://chainz.cryptoid.info/d/)  

### Wallets
[QT Wallet](https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/releases)  
[Kronos](https://github.com/carsenk/kronos)  
[Snap Wallet](https://snapcraft.io/denarius)  
[Denarius MiniKey Generation & Converter Tool](https://carsenk.github.io/)  
[Denariusd PPA](https://launchpad.net/~denariuscoin/+archive/ubuntu/ppa)  
[Gemmer](https://github.com/primecoin/gemmer)  

### Chaindata
[Chaindata Download](https://denarii.cloud)  

### Tribus Algorithm  
[https://en.bitcoinwiki.org/wiki/Tribus](https://en.bitcoinwiki.org/wiki/Tribus)  

### Tutorials  
[Snap Denarius - Snapcraft (Linux Easy Install Wallet)](https://denariustalk.org/index.php?/topic/318-snap-denarius-snapcraft-linux-easy-install-wallet/)  
[How to Stake Denarius Coins](https://denariustalk.org/index.php?/topic/295-how-to-stake-denarius-coins/)  
[Using Chaindata](https://denariustalk.org/index.php?/topic/157-sync-denarius-fast-any-os-chaindatazip/)  
[Create Denarius.conf](https://denariustalk.org/index.php?/topic/205-how-to-create-denariusconf-windows-10/)  

### Apps
**Chrome**  
[https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-denarius-ticker/nhkhjmkllndkhcplgbjkchgomcfjpnnd](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-denarius-ticker/nhkhjmkllndkhcplgbjkchgomcfjpnnd)  
**MacOS**  
[https://github.com/carsenk/touchbardenarius](https://github.com/carsenk/touchbardenarius)  
### Portfolio Trackers  
[Blockfolio](https://blockfolio.com)  
[Blockfolio Siganls](https://blockfolio.com/coin/DNR/signal/hYVSQz0Ync)  
[Delta](https://delta.app/)  


### Atomic Swaps  
[https://blockdx.com/](https://blockdx.com/)  

### FortunaStake  
[d.F.P.S. Decentralized Fair Payment System for Denarius (D) Fortuna Stake Masternodes](https://medium.com/@carsenk/d-f-p-s-decentralized-fair-payment-system-for-denarius-d-fortuna-stake-masternodes-1280c5d4d88c)  
[https://github.com/buzzkillb/d-fortunastake](https://github.com/buzzkillb/d-fortunastake)  
[https://masternodes.online/currencies/DNR/](https://masternodes.online/currencies/DNR/)  
[https://cryptochest.io/#/masternodes/detail/10](https://cryptochest.io/#/masternodes/detail/10)  
[https://masternodec.com/D.html](https://masternodec.com/D.html)  
[https://masternodes.plus/coin.html?coin=Denarius%20(DNR)&currency=USD](https://masternodes.plus/coin.html?coin=Denarius%20(DNR)&currency=USD)  
[https://www.mintnodes.com/coins/DNR](https://www.mintnodes.com/coins/DNR)  
[Denarius Fortuna Stake Hosting](https://fortunastakehosting.com/)  

### Stats  
[[D] Staking and FortunaStake Calculator](https://pos.watch/)  
[[D] Block Party Countdown](https://denarius.pro)  
[Denarius $D Masternode Stats](https://coins.masternode.buzz/D)  

### Mining Pools  
[https://miningpoolstats.stream/denarius](https://miningpoolstats.stream/denarius)  
[https://pool.atomminer.com/](https://pool.atomminer.com/)  
[https://cryptogreek.cafe/](https://cryptogreek.cafe/)  
[https://mining.cafe/](https://mining.cafe/)  

### Swag
[HODL.market](https://hodl.market)  
[https://btfd.shop/](https://btfd.shop/)  
[https://whopper.io/product-category/dnr/](https://whopper.io/product-category/dnr/)  

### Misc OS  
[Raspberry PI Wallet Compile Script](https://github.com/buzzkillb/denarius-pi3)  
[Raspberry PI DenariinOS Image Builder](https://github.com/buzzkillb/denariianpi-gen)  

### Price Indicators/Market API's  
[https://www.coinbase.com/price/denarius-d](https://www.coinbase.com/price/denarius-d)  
[https://coinpaprika.com/coin/d-denarius/](https://coinpaprika.com/coin/d-denarius/)  
[https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/denarius-dnr/](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/denarius-dnr/)  
[https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/dnr/overview/BTC](https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/dnr/overview/BTC)  
[https://www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/denarius](https://www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/denarius)  
[https://whattomine.com/coins/187-dnr-tribus](https://whattomine.com/coins/187-dnr-tribus)  
[https://coinlib.io/coin/DNR/Denarius](https://coinlib.io/coin/DNR/Denarius)  
[https://www.coingecko.com/en/price_charts/denarius/usd](https://www.coingecko.com/en/price_charts/denarius/usd)  
[https://cryptoindex.co/denarius-dnr/](https://cryptoindex.co/denarius-dnr/)  
[https://cryptoslate.com/coins/denarius/](https://cryptoslate.com/coins/denarius/)  
[https://www.moonstats.com/dnr](https://www.moonstats.com/dnr)  
[https://coinranking.com/coin/denarius-dnr](https://coinranking.com/coin/denarius-dnr)  
[https://www.marketbeat.com/cryptocurrencies/denarius/](https://www.marketbeat.com/cryptocurrencies/denarius/)  
[https://coinclarity.com/coin/dnr/](https://coinclarity.com/coin/dnr/)  
[https://www.cointelligence.com/coins/denarius-dnr](https://www.cointelligence.com/coins/denarius-dnr)  
[https://bitscreener.com/coins/denarius-dnr?timeframe=all&chart_type=bar&chart_unit=btc](https://bitscreener.com/coins/denarius-dnr?timeframe=all&chart_type=bar&chart_unit=btc)  
[https://www.cryptocurrencychart.com/coin/DNR](https://www.cryptocurrencychart.com/coin/DNR)  
[https://coincodex.com/crypto/denarius-dnr/exchanges/](https://coincodex.com/crypto/denarius-dnr/exchanges/)  
[https://neironix.io/cryptocurrency/denarius](https://neironix.io/cryptocurrency/denarius)  

### Videos  
[Denarius (D) Cryptocurrency Development - 3 YEARS in 10 minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMBg5936xFg)  
[Denarius on a Lambo?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFtwOPGubOs)  
[Denarius Price Prediction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DFK8Bi8J_I)  
[Denarius Cryptocurrency](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9GwGvX6gUo)  
[How to get a small amount of free Denarius from Southxchange](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FApeqLaoW-8)  
[How to buy cryptocurrency Denarius on Southxchange](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiDIEbA-qso)  
[High Risk, High Reward Altcoins Ep. 2 - Denarius (DNR)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYz088DqEk)  
[What is Denarius Coin?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1T1q4Nm5uk)  
[What Is Denarius?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga2hUTECIT0)  
[Kronos - Open Source Multi Cryptocurrency Wallet](https://youtu.be/Sg1P_SXZIuk)  
[Interview with Carsen Klock, Founder of Denarius (D) Cryptocurrency](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAPec8OHs94)  
[2019 Denarius Coin Review | Ryan Lopez](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsbruehbTVQ)  

### Articles  
[My Journey Into The Rabbit Hole Of Cryptocurrency, Since 2009](https://themerkle.com/my-journey-into-the-rabbit-hole-of-cryptocurrency-since-2009/)  
[
Cryptocurrency
The first new decentralized fair payment system for masternodes - Crypto Mak](https://www.cryptomak.co.uk/the-first-new-decentralized-fair-payment-system-for-masternodes)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 28, 2019](https://medium.com/@cryptoBuzzB/d-staking-stats-july-28-2019-d7798c1db22b)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 27, 2019](https://medium.com/@cryptoBuzzB/d-staking-stats-july-27-2019-5ff0a2fb93f2)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 26, 2019](https://medium.com/@cryptoBuzzB/d-staking-stats-july-26-2019-63d5ac5ad7d4)  
[A Decentralized Powerhouse Waiting to Take Over](https://medium.com/@Luigi1010101/a-decentralized-powerhouse-waiting-to-take-over-7ffe695b1e2)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 25, 2019 - Medium](https://medium.com/@cryptoBuzzB/d-staking-stats-july-25-2019-f80922e309df)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 25, 2019 - Steemit](https://steemit.com/denarius/@methoncrypto/d-staking-stats-july-25-2019)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 24, 2019](https://steemit.com/denarius/@methoncrypto/d-staking-stats-july-24-2019)  
[The first new decentralized fair payment system for masternodes - Bitcoin Insider](https://www.bitcoininsider.org/article/72566/first-new-decentralized-fair-payment-system-masternodes)  
[d.F.P.S. Decentralized Fair Payment System for Denarius (D) Fortuna Stake Masternodes - Blockfolio Signals](https://blockfolio.com/coin/DNR/signal/oC1qXfS9z2)  
[Denarius — A True Cryptocurrency in a Sea of Scams and ICOs - Medium](https://medium.com/@carsenk/denarius-a-true-cryptocurrency-in-a-sea-of-scams-and-icos-1349bb800797)  
[Denarius – A true cryptocurrency in a sea of ICOs - The Merkle](https://themerkle.com/denarius-a-true-cryptocurrency-in-a-sea-of-icos/)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 23, 2019](https://steemit.com/denarius/@methoncrypto/d-staking-stats-july-23-2019)  
[Denarius – A true cryptocurrency in a sea of ICOs](https://nxtalpha.com/denarius-a-true-cryptocurrency-in-a-sea-of-icos/)  
[A true cryptocurrency in a sea of ICOs » The Merkle Hash](http://bitinvader.com/finance-news-finance-news/a-true-cryptocurrency-in-a-sea-of-icos-the-merkle-hash/)  
[Denarius, an old currency for a new world](https://medium.com/@asscror75/denarius-an-old-currency-for-a-new-world-9241c184c01b)  
[Denarius now on Blockfolio Signal!](https://medium.com/@carsenk/denarius-now-on-blockfolio-signal-12e214ddefdd)  
[Crypto Bug Hunting by Zcash, EOS, Tron, and a Backdoored Coin](https://cryptonews.com/news/crypto-bug-hunting-by-zcash-eos-tron-and-a-backdoored-coin-3326.htm)  
[Backdoored cryptocurrency software found serving AZORult malware](https://www.zdnet.com/article/backdoored-cryptocurrency-software-found-serving-azorult-malware/)  
[Denarius Statement about CryptoBridge Exchange Update](https://medium.com/@carsenk/denarius-statement-about-cryptobridge-exchange-update-ea7520f4142e)  
[Denarius $DNR Rebranding to $D](https://medium.com/@carsenk/denarius-dnr-rebranding-to-d-69a666174621)  
[http://kolikkokeisari.com/louhinta/kryptovaluutan-soololouhintaohjeet/](http://kolikkokeisari.com/louhinta/kryptovaluutan-soololouhintaohjeet/)  
[https://themerkle.com/crypto-vs-visa-can-denarius-compete-when-it-comes-to-transactions-per-second/](https://themerkle.com/crypto-vs-visa-can-denarius-compete-when-it-comes-to-transactions-per-second/)  
[https://themerkle.com/bitcoin-flying-high-for-long/](https://themerkle.com/bitcoin-flying-high-for-long/)  
[https://btfd.shop/dnr-denarius-ancient-money-for-the-new-world/](https://btfd.shop/dnr-denarius-ancient-money-for-the-new-world/)  
[https://medium.com/@Panama_TJ/denarius-intro-504ba3f16728](https://medium.com/@Panama_TJ/denarius-intro-504ba3f16728)  
[https://www.dashforcenews.com/denarius-the-next-new-payment-coin/](https://www.dashforcenews.com/denarius-the-next-new-payment-coin/)  
[https://www.geekxplore.com/what-is-denarius-coin.html](https://www.geekxplore.com/what-is-denarius-coin.html)

Commit message:

add Kronos Wallet Announcement Article

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: [D] Denarius Links
tagline: Denarius Coin Links
description: Denarius Crypto Links
---
# ![Denarius](https://denarius.io/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/denarius-256.png)

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Coin</th>
    <th>Total Supply</th>
    <th>Blocktime</th> 
    <th>Full Confirm</th>
    <th>Consensus</th>
    <th>Algorithm</th>
    <th>Features</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>D</td>
    <td>10,000,000</td>
    <td>30 Seconds</td>
    <td>10 Blocks</td>
    <td>POW/POS</td>
    <td>Tribus</td>
    <td>Rings Sigs and Masternodes</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Official [D]
[https://denarius.io/](https://denarius.io/)  
[https://denarius.snazzydocs.com/docs/](https://denarius.snazzydocs.com/docs/)  
[https://denarius.host/](https://denarius.host/)  
[https://blockforums.org/](https://blockforums.org/)  
[https://fpgaforums.com/](https://fpgaforums.com/)  
[https://denarius.wiki](https://denarius.wiki)  
[https://denarius.win/](http://denarius.win/)  
[https://www.amazon.com/Denarius-World-Currency-Concise-History/dp/1717289363](https://www.amazon.com/Denarius-World-Currency-Concise-History/dp/1717289363)  

### White Scroll
[https://denarius.io/whitescroll.pdf](https://denarius.io/whitescroll.pdf)  

### Source Code and Project
[https://github.com/carsenk](https://github.com/carsenk)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denarius](https://github.com/carsenk/denarius)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/wiki/Denarius-Visual-Guide](https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/wiki/Denarius-Visual-Guide)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denariusstats](https://github.com/carsenk/denariusstats)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/electrumx](https://github.com/carsenk/electrumx)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denariicore-node](https://github.com/carsenk/denariicore-node)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/simple-denarius-ticker](https://github.com/carsenk/simple-denarius-ticker)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/dnraddress.org](https://github.com/carsenk/dnraddress.org)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denariusnodewallet](https://github.com/carsenk/denariusnodewallet)  
[https://github.com/denariuscrypto/](https://github.com/denariuscrypto/)  
[https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/wiki](https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/wiki)  

### Blockfolio Signals  
[Denarius.io got a major overdue revamp!](https://blockfolio.com/coin/D_2/signal/PrHp4CHimM)  

### Social Media
Hashtags [$DNR](https://twitter.com/search?q=%24DNR&src=typd) [#Denariuscoin](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23Denariuscoin&src=typd)  
[Discord](https://discord.gg/mDTM3JN)  
[Gitter](https://gitter.im/denariusproject/Lobby)  
[Slack](https://denarius.slack.com/join/shared_invite/enQtMjUzODQ0NzcxMjk2LWRmNTU0NzgyZjYzODE3Y2EzNDc4NzA4ZGY2YjhhMjFiNTIzMGQ5YTc3MTJjZDkxOGJkMDFkMGFmZjcxOWM3YWU)  
[Telegram](https://t.me/joinchat/DPOfJg6YO86vtiH-Srfl8Q)  
[Official Twitter](https://twitter.com/denariuscoin)  
[https://twitter.com/carsenjk](https://twitter.com/carsenjk)  
[https://twitter.com/thenkse](https://twitter.com/thenkse)  
[https://twitter.com/dnr_ticker](https://twitter.com/dnr_ticker)  
[https://twitter.com/denariibot](https://twitter.com/denariibot)  
[Official Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Denarius/)  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/denariuscoin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/denariuscoin/)  
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/denariuscrypto/)  
[CoinFellowship](https://coinfellowship.com/)  

### Payment Systems  
[Swirlpay](https://swirlpay.io/)  

### Exchanges  
**Tradeogre**  
[https://tradeogre.com/exchange/BTC-D](https://tradeogre.com/exchange/BTC-D)  
**Southxchange**  
[https://www.southxchange.com/Market/Book/D/BTC](https://www.southxchange.com/Market/Book/D/BTC)  
[https://www.southxchange.com/Market/Book/D/USD](https://www.southxchange.com/Market/Book/D/USD)  
**Unnamed Exchange**  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_BTC](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_BTC)  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_LTC](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_LTC)  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_DOGE](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_DOGE)  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_uTip](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_uTip)  
[https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_ETH](https://www.unnamed.exchange/Exchange?market=D_ETH)  

### Block Explorers
[Coinexplorer](https://www.coinexplorer.net/D)  
[Chainz Cryptoid](https://chainz.cryptoid.info/d/)  

### Wallets
[QT Wallet](https://github.com/carsenk/denarius/releases)  
[Kronos](https://github.com/carsenk/kronos)  
[Snap Wallet](https://snapcraft.io/denarius)  
[Denarius MiniKey Generation & Converter Tool](https://carsenk.github.io/)  
[Denariusd PPA](https://launchpad.net/~denariuscoin/+archive/ubuntu/ppa)  
[Gemmer](https://github.com/primecoin/gemmer)  

### Chaindata
[Chaindata Download](https://denarii.cloud)  

### Tribus Algorithm  
[https://en.bitcoinwiki.org/wiki/Tribus](https://en.bitcoinwiki.org/wiki/Tribus)  

### Tutorials  
[Snap Denarius - Snapcraft (Linux Easy Install Wallet)](https://denariustalk.org/index.php?/topic/318-snap-denarius-snapcraft-linux-easy-install-wallet/)  
[How to Stake Denarius Coins](https://denariustalk.org/index.php?/topic/295-how-to-stake-denarius-coins/)  
[Using Chaindata](https://denariustalk.org/index.php?/topic/157-sync-denarius-fast-any-os-chaindatazip/)  
[Create Denarius.conf](https://denariustalk.org/index.php?/topic/205-how-to-create-denariusconf-windows-10/)  

### Apps
**Chrome**  
[https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-denarius-ticker/nhkhjmkllndkhcplgbjkchgomcfjpnnd](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-denarius-ticker/nhkhjmkllndkhcplgbjkchgomcfjpnnd)  
**MacOS**  
[https://github.com/carsenk/touchbardenarius](https://github.com/carsenk/touchbardenarius)  
### Portfolio Trackers  
[Blockfolio](https://blockfolio.com)  
[Blockfolio Siganls](https://blockfolio.com/coin/DNR/signal/hYVSQz0Ync)  
[Delta](https://delta.app/)  


### Atomic Swaps  
[https://blockdx.com/](https://blockdx.com/)  

### FortunaStake  
[d.F.P.S. Decentralized Fair Payment System for Denarius (D) Fortuna Stake Masternodes](https://medium.com/@carsenk/d-f-p-s-decentralized-fair-payment-system-for-denarius-d-fortuna-stake-masternodes-1280c5d4d88c)  
[https://github.com/buzzkillb/d-fortunastake](https://github.com/buzzkillb/d-fortunastake)  
[https://masternodes.online/currencies/DNR/](https://masternodes.online/currencies/DNR/)  
[https://cryptochest.io/#/masternodes/detail/10](https://cryptochest.io/#/masternodes/detail/10)  
[https://masternodec.com/D.html](https://masternodec.com/D.html)  
[https://masternodes.plus/coin.html?coin=Denarius%20(DNR)&currency=USD](https://masternodes.plus/coin.html?coin=Denarius%20(DNR)&currency=USD)  
[https://www.mintnodes.com/coins/DNR](https://www.mintnodes.com/coins/DNR)  
[Denarius Fortuna Stake Hosting](https://fortunastakehosting.com/)  

### Stats  
[[D] Staking and FortunaStake Calculator](https://pos.watch/)  
[[D] Block Party Countdown](https://denarius.pro)  
[Denarius $D Masternode Stats](https://coins.masternode.buzz/D)  

### Mining Pools  
[https://miningpoolstats.stream/denarius](https://miningpoolstats.stream/denarius)  
[https://pool.atomminer.com/](https://pool.atomminer.com/)  
[https://cryptogreek.cafe/](https://cryptogreek.cafe/)  
[https://mining.cafe/](https://mining.cafe/)  

### Swag
[HODL.market](https://hodl.market)  
[https://btfd.shop/](https://btfd.shop/)  
[https://whopper.io/product-category/dnr/](https://whopper.io/product-category/dnr/)  

### Misc OS  
[Raspberry PI Wallet Compile Script](https://github.com/buzzkillb/denarius-pi3)  
[Raspberry PI DenariinOS Image Builder](https://github.com/buzzkillb/denariianpi-gen)  

### Price Indicators/Market API's  
[https://www.coinbase.com/price/denarius-d](https://www.coinbase.com/price/denarius-d)  
[https://coinpaprika.com/coin/d-denarius/](https://coinpaprika.com/coin/d-denarius/)  
[https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/denarius-dnr/](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/denarius-dnr/)  
[https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/dnr/overview/BTC](https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/dnr/overview/BTC)  
[https://www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/denarius](https://www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/denarius)  
[https://whattomine.com/coins/187-dnr-tribus](https://whattomine.com/coins/187-dnr-tribus)  
[https://coinlib.io/coin/DNR/Denarius](https://coinlib.io/coin/DNR/Denarius)  
[https://www.coingecko.com/en/price_charts/denarius/usd](https://www.coingecko.com/en/price_charts/denarius/usd)  
[https://cryptoindex.co/denarius-dnr/](https://cryptoindex.co/denarius-dnr/)  
[https://cryptoslate.com/coins/denarius/](https://cryptoslate.com/coins/denarius/)  
[https://www.moonstats.com/dnr](https://www.moonstats.com/dnr)  
[https://coinranking.com/coin/denarius-dnr](https://coinranking.com/coin/denarius-dnr)  
[https://www.marketbeat.com/cryptocurrencies/denarius/](https://www.marketbeat.com/cryptocurrencies/denarius/)  
[https://coinclarity.com/coin/dnr/](https://coinclarity.com/coin/dnr/)  
[https://www.cointelligence.com/coins/denarius-dnr](https://www.cointelligence.com/coins/denarius-dnr)  
[https://bitscreener.com/coins/denarius-dnr?timeframe=all&chart_type=bar&chart_unit=btc](https://bitscreener.com/coins/denarius-dnr?timeframe=all&chart_type=bar&chart_unit=btc)  
[https://www.cryptocurrencychart.com/coin/DNR](https://www.cryptocurrencychart.com/coin/DNR)  
[https://coincodex.com/crypto/denarius-dnr/exchanges/](https://coincodex.com/crypto/denarius-dnr/exchanges/)  
[https://neironix.io/cryptocurrency/denarius](https://neironix.io/cryptocurrency/denarius)  

### Videos  
[Denarius (D) Cryptocurrency Development - 3 YEARS in 10 minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMBg5936xFg)  
[Denarius on a Lambo?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFtwOPGubOs)  
[Denarius Price Prediction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DFK8Bi8J_I)  
[Denarius Cryptocurrency](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9GwGvX6gUo)  
[How to get a small amount of free Denarius from Southxchange](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FApeqLaoW-8)  
[How to buy cryptocurrency Denarius on Southxchange](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiDIEbA-qso)  
[High Risk, High Reward Altcoins Ep. 2 - Denarius (DNR)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYz088DqEk)  
[What is Denarius Coin?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1T1q4Nm5uk)  
[What Is Denarius?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga2hUTECIT0)  
[Kronos - Open Source Multi Cryptocurrency Wallet](https://youtu.be/Sg1P_SXZIuk)  
[Interview with Carsen Klock, Founder of Denarius (D) Cryptocurrency](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAPec8OHs94)  
[2019 Denarius Coin Review | Ryan Lopez](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsbruehbTVQ)  

### Articles 
[Blockforums - Denarius Announces Beta of Kronos Wallet and Chat](https://blockforums.org/topic/1259-denarius-announces-beta-of-kronos-wallet-and-chat/)  
[Coinfellowship - DENARIUS ANNOUNCES BETA OF KRONOS WALLET AND CHAT](https://coinfellowship.com/denarius-news/denarius-announces-beta-of-kronos-wallet-and-chat/)  
[2 News - Denarius Announces Beta of Kronos Wallet and Chat](https://www.ktvn.com/story/43208622/denarius-announces-beta-of-kronos-wallet-and-chat)  
[Fox 40 - Denarius Announces Beta of Kronos Wallet and Chat](https://www.wicz.com/story/43208622/denarius-announces-beta-of-kronos-wallet-and-chat)  
[Benzinga - Denarius Announces Beta of Kronos Wallet and Chat](https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/21/01/r19248587/denarius-announces-beta-of-kronos-wallet-and-chat)  
[My Journey Into The Rabbit Hole Of Cryptocurrency, Since 2009](https://themerkle.com/my-journey-into-the-rabbit-hole-of-cryptocurrency-since-2009/)  
[
Cryptocurrency
The first new decentralized fair payment system for masternodes - Crypto Mak](https://www.cryptomak.co.uk/the-first-new-decentralized-fair-payment-system-for-masternodes)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 28, 2019](https://medium.com/@cryptoBuzzB/d-staking-stats-july-28-2019-d7798c1db22b)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 27, 2019](https://medium.com/@cryptoBuzzB/d-staking-stats-july-27-2019-5ff0a2fb93f2)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 26, 2019](https://medium.com/@cryptoBuzzB/d-staking-stats-july-26-2019-63d5ac5ad7d4)  
[A Decentralized Powerhouse Waiting to Take Over](https://medium.com/@Luigi1010101/a-decentralized-powerhouse-waiting-to-take-over-7ffe695b1e2)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 25, 2019 - Medium](https://medium.com/@cryptoBuzzB/d-staking-stats-july-25-2019-f80922e309df)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 25, 2019 - Steemit](https://steemit.com/denarius/@methoncrypto/d-staking-stats-july-25-2019)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 24, 2019](https://steemit.com/denarius/@methoncrypto/d-staking-stats-july-24-2019)  
[The first new decentralized fair payment system for masternodes - Bitcoin Insider](https://www.bitcoininsider.org/article/72566/first-new-decentralized-fair-payment-system-masternodes)  
[d.F.P.S. Decentralized Fair Payment System for Denarius (D) Fortuna Stake Masternodes - Blockfolio Signals](https://blockfolio.com/coin/DNR/signal/oC1qXfS9z2)  
[Denarius — A True Cryptocurrency in a Sea of Scams and ICOs - Medium](https://medium.com/@carsenk/denarius-a-true-cryptocurrency-in-a-sea-of-scams-and-icos-1349bb800797)  
[Denarius – A true cryptocurrency in a sea of ICOs - The Merkle](https://themerkle.com/denarius-a-true-cryptocurrency-in-a-sea-of-icos/)  
[[D] Staking Stats July 23, 2019](https://steemit.com/denarius/@methoncrypto/d-staking-stats-july-23-2019)  
[Denarius – A true cryptocurrency in a sea of ICOs](https://nxtalpha.com/denarius-a-true-cryptocurrency-in-a-sea-of-icos/)  
[A true cryptocurrency in a sea of ICOs » The Merkle Hash](http://bitinvader.com/finance-news-finance-news/a-true-cryptocurrency-in-a-sea-of-icos-the-merkle-hash/)  
[Denarius, an old currency for a new world](https://medium.com/@asscror75/denarius-an-old-currency-for-a-new-world-9241c184c01b)  
[Denarius now on Blockfolio Signal!](https://medium.com/@carsenk/denarius-now-on-blockfolio-signal-12e214ddefdd)  
[Crypto Bug Hunting by Zcash, EOS, Tron, and a Backdoored Coin](https://cryptonews.com/news/crypto-bug-hunting-by-zcash-eos-tron-and-a-backdoored-coin-3326.htm)  
[Backdoored cryptocurrency software found serving AZORult malware](https://www.zdnet.com/article/backdoored-cryptocurrency-software-found-serving-azorult-malware/)  
[Denarius Statement about CryptoBridge Exchange Update](https://medium.com/@carsenk/denarius-statement-about-cryptobridge-exchange-update-ea7520f4142e)  
[Denarius $DNR Rebranding to $D](https://medium.com/@carsenk/denarius-dnr-rebranding-to-d-69a666174621)  
[http://kolikkokeisari.com/louhinta/kryptovaluutan-soololouhintaohjeet/](http://kolikkokeisari.com/louhinta/kryptovaluutan-soololouhintaohjeet/)  
[https://themerkle.com/crypto-vs-visa-can-denarius-compete-when-it-comes-to-transactions-per-second/](https://themerkle.com/crypto-vs-visa-can-denarius-compete-when-it-comes-to-transactions-per-second/)  
[https://themerkle.com/bitcoin-flying-high-for-long/](https://themerkle.com/bitcoin-flying-high-for-long/)  
[https://btfd.shop/dnr-denarius-ancient-money-for-the-new-world/](https://btfd.shop/dnr-denarius-ancient-money-for-the-new-world/)  
[https://medium.com/@Panama_TJ/denarius-intro-504ba3f16728](https://medium.com/@Panama_TJ/denarius-intro-504ba3f16728)  
[https://www.dashforcenews.com/denarius-the-next-new-payment-coin/](https://www.dashforcenews.com/denarius-the-next-new-payment-coin/)  
[https://www.geekxplore.com/what-is-denarius-coin.html](https://www.geekxplore.com/what-is-denarius-coin.html)
